**Is there an error? Something missing? Funky grammar? Do not hesitate to leave a comment.**

## Options
* **druid.catweave_bear** (default: 0) Set to utilize the catweaving APL for Guardian Druids.

* **druid.owlweave_bear** (default: 0) Set to utilize the owlweaving APL for Guardian Druids.

* **druid.owlweave_cat** (default: 1) Set to utilize the owlweaving APL for Feral Druids.

* **druid.no_cds** (default: 0) Set to prevent the APL from casting major offensive cooldowns. *Currently only supported for Balance Druid.*

* **druid.affinity_resources** (default: false) When set true, enables resources used specifically by your affinity talent, such as Energy with Feral Affinity.

* **druid.initial_astral_power** (default: 0) Set the amount of astral power at start of combat. Will be limited to the raid combat defaults of 20 and 50 with and without Nature's Balance when not setting *druid.raid_combat=0*.

* **druid.raid_combat** (default: 0) Sets whether the simulation adheres to raid combat rules. Currently only relevant for *druid.initial_astral_power*.

* **druid.initial_moon_stage** (default: 0) Set the starting state of the New Moon talent. 0: New Moon, 1: Half Moon, 2: Full Moon

* **druid.predator_rppm_rate** (default: 0.0) Set the RPPM rate for triggering the Predator talent. This is used as an approximation to simulate how Predator works in-game.

* **druid.initial_pulsar_value** (default: 0.0) Set the initial value of the Primordial Arcanic Pulsar talent.

* **druid.initial_orbit_breaker_stacks** (default: random value between 0 and 30) Set the initial stacks of the Orbit Breaker talent.

* **druid.convoke_the_spirits_deck** (default: 5) The number of cards in the deck used to determine if Convoke the Spirits has a chance to cast an exceptional spell when **not** using the Guidance talent. (Moonkin: Full Moon, Cat: Feral Frenzy, Bear: Pulverize, Caster: Flourish).

* **druid.adaptive_swarm_melee_targets** (default: 7) The number of friendly melee players.

* **druid.adaptive_swarm_ranged_targets** (default: 12) The number of friendly ranged players.

* **druid.adaptive_swarm_jump_distance_melee** (default: 5.0) The average distance of melee players.

* **druid.adaptive_swarm_jump_distance_ranged** (default: 25.0) The average distance of the ranged players.

* **druid.adaptive_swarm_jump_distance_stddev** (default 1.0) The standard deviation for the previous two options.

## Buffs
> Regular buffs for this class are not mentioned here, you just have to follow the standard [names formatting rules](TextualConfigurationInterface#Names_formatting.md). Also, don't forget that set bonuses are added as buffs to a character. Buffs can be used in conditional expressions for actions, see [ActionLists#Buffs\_and\_debuffs](ActionLists#Buffs_and_debuffs).

  * bear\_form, cat\_form, moonkin\_form: forms

# Reports
We only document here non-obvious entries.

## Resource gains
  * energy\_refund: the energy refunded by your misses.
  * incoming\_damage: rage generated by incoming damages.

## Procs
  * combo\_points\_wasted: combo points wasted because you were already capped.

## Uptimes
  * energy\_cap: fraction of the fight spent with a full energy bar.
  * rage\_cap: fraction of the fight spent with a full rage bar.